Quick Questions

1. Write two variable names that would be valid and well-named.
student_name and student_age

2. Write two variable names that would be valid but not well-named.
name and x

3. Write two variable names that would not be valid.
Student Name and 2_student_ages

4.What is the naming convention for variables in Python?
The Naming Convention for variables in Python usually follows Pep 8. The name of the variables will usually be all
lowercases with underscores between each words.

5. What is a constant? Give an example of when you would use one.
Constant is a variable and like its name suggests the value of said variable must remains constant and unchanging
during the program execution. Constants are used to make the codes more readable and accessible and also make any
future edits of the value easier, as you will only need to change
the value of one variable instead of finding everywhere where said value is used.

An example of using a constant is on Gross Domestic Product or gdp, since the value of it can change every year, and
it is not common knowledge sonot everyone looking at the code will know what "2.7" or "4.1" represents.

6. What is the naming convention for constants?
Constants are usually all uppercase and like variables will have underscores between each words.


Logic Exercise - Answer

The fewest number of socks that you can take from the drawer and be completely sure that I will get a pair of same colour is 3.

In the first attempt there is a 50% chance of getting either colour of socks.

In the second attempt there is a 44.44% chance of getting the same colour as the first attempt, but there is also a
55.56% chance of getting thedifferent colour.

In the third attempt it is basically guranteed that I will get 1 pair of socks with same colour. If I got the same 2
colours of socks in the firstbtwo attempts then the process is done. But If I got the different colour of socks in the
first two attempts, no matter what I picked out in the third attempt there will be one pair of socks with same colours
since there are only two colours of socks, white and black.

This answer works no matter how many socks or there are a difference in the amount of socks between white and black
colours as long as there are at least 3 socks and only 2 different colours of socks.